Fix :fullscreen documentation (#29951)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/_colon_fullscreen/index.md

## Examples

> In this example, the color of a button is changed depending on whether or not it's parent div is in fullscreen mode. This is done without needing to specifically apply style changes using JavaScript.

Reviewer: I think the example is a bit weird — why don't we just change the parent `<div>`'s background color in fullscreen mode, so it is more obvious what is going on? Changing the color of the control button seems like a strange choice.

Also, I don't think the last sentence here is needed; the whole point of a pseudo-class is that it allows style updates on a state change, without needing JS.

In which case this intro paragraph would turn into:

> In this example, the background color of a `<div>` is changed depending on whether or not it is in fullscreen mode.

Author: That is actually a good suggestion. Will do.

### HTML

The page's HTML looks like this:

```html

> <div style="background-color: lightyellow">

Reviewer: If you do agree with my suggestion about the example, then we could get rid of this inline style, which generally isn't considered to be a good practice.

```suggestion
<div>
```

Author: Sure.

  <h1>MDN Web Docs Demo: :fullscreen pseudo-class</h1>

  <p>

>     This demo uses the <code>:fullscreen</code> pseudo-class to automatically

Reviewer: This description would also need updating...

Author: Sure.

    change the style of a button used to toggle fullscreen mode on and off,
    entirely using CSS.
  </p>

  <button id="fs-toggle">Toggle Fullscreen</button>
</div>
```

> The {{HTMLElement("button")}} with the ID `"fs-toggle"` will change between light pink and light green depending on whether or not the parent div is in fullscreen mode.

Reviewer: I'd suggest that you put this paragraph just above the live sample macro call, then you implement it as per my other comment, and change it to:

```suggestion
The `<div>` will change between light yellow and light pink depending on whether or not the parent div is in fullscreen mode — try it out.
```

### Javascript

For this example, we need the button click to toggle parent div to and from fullscreen mode:

```js
document
  .querySelector("#fs-toggle")
  .addEventListener("click", function (event) {
    if (document.fullscreenElement) {
      // If there is a fullscreen element, exit full screen.
      document.exitFullscreen();
      return;
    }
    // Make the parent div fullscreen.
    event.target.parentElement.requestFullscreen();
  });
f;
```

### CSS

The magic happens in the CSS. There are two rules here. The first establishes the background color of the "Toggle Fullscreen Mode" button when the element is not in a fullscreen state. The key is the use of the `:not(:fullscreen)`, which looks for the element to not have the `:fullscreen` pseudo-class applied to it.

```css

> div:not(:fullscreen) #fs-toggle {

Reviewer: This CSS is overcomplicated and confusing. The use of `:not` is clever, but it makes the effect of `:fullscreen` less obvious. Rather than selecting for an element when it is explicitly not in fullscreen, you could just select the element. For example, the code in my update suggestion would look like this:

```css
div {
  background-color: lightyellow;
}

div:fullscreen {
    background-color: lightpink;
}
```

  background-color: lightgreen;
}
```

> When the parent div _is_ in fullscreen mode, the following CSS applies instead, setting the background color to light pink.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the parent div is in fullscreen mode, the following CSS applies instead, setting its background color to light pink.
```

## Examples

### Styling a Fullscreen Element

This example styles an element in different background color depending on whether or not it is in fullscreen state.

```html
<div class="element">
  <h1>MDN :fullscreen pseudo-class demo</h1>

  <p>
    This demo uses the <code>:fullscreen</code> pseudo-class to automatically
    change the background color of the <code>.element</code> div.
  </p>

  <p>
    Normally, the background is light yellow. In fullscreen mode, the background
    is light pink.
  </p>

  <button class="toggle">Toggle Fullscreen</button>
</div>
```

```css
.element {
  background-color: lightyellow;
}

.element:fullscreen {
  background-color: lightpink;
}
```

> ```js

Reviewer: A lead-in sentence would be nice here too, to break up the code blocks. How about

> The following JavaScript provides an event handler function that toggles fullscreen when the button is clicked.

document.querySelector(".toggle").addEventListener("click", function (event) {
  if (document.fullscreenElement) {
    // If there is a fullscreen element, exit full screen.
    document.exitFullscreen();
    return;
  }
  // Make the .element div fullscreen.
  document.querySelector(".element").requestFullscreen();
});
```

> ### Result

Author: It's strange because the :modal page also does the same thing (I'm simply copying the style here). Also things work locally on my computer. Could there be setting difference between the mdn content server from the development server?
